Bee	Sting	Step 1) Remove the Stinger -Scrape the area with the edge of a credit card or straight edge object to remove it. -Dont pinch the stinger or use tweezers -- that can inject more venom. Step 2) Control Swelling -Ice the area. -If you were stung on your arm or leg, elevate it. -Remove any tight-fitting jewelry from the area of the sting. As it swells, rings or bracelets might be difficult to remove. Step 3) Treat Symptoms -For pain, take an over-the-counter painkiller like acetaminophen or ibuprofen. Do not give aspirin to anyone under age 19. -For itchiness, take an antihistamine. You can also apply a mixture of baking soda and water or calamine lotion.	If symptoms continue to persist consult your doctor.
Mosquito	Bite	Step 1) Do not scrash infected area Step 2) Control swelling -Wash the bite with soap and water as soon as possible. Rubbing soap directly onto the bite may help reduce the itching. -Hold an ice cube or ice pack on the bite it will numb the area temporarily. Step 3) Treat Symptoms -Calamine lotion -1% Hydrocortisone cream -Benedryl	If symptoms such -High fever -Vision loss -Disorientation -Muscle weakness occor consult your doctor or call 911 for emergencies
Bed Bug	Bite	Step 1) Wash the bites with soap and water Step 2) Treatments: -Apply a steroidal anti-itch over-the-counter (OTC) cream. -Use calamine lotion. -Take oral antihistamine.	If symptoms such -Multiple bites. -Blisters. -Signs of skin infection (tenderness or oozing discharge). -An allergic skin reaction occor consult your doctor.
Snake	Bite	Step 1) Note the Snakes Appearance Be ready to describe the snake to emergency staff. Step 2) Protect the Person While waiting for medical help: -Move the person beyond striking distance of the snake. -Have the person lie down with wound below the heart. -Keep the person calm and at rest, remaining as still as possible to keep venom from spreading. -Cover the wound with loose, sterile bandage. -Remove any jewelry from the area that was bitten. -Remove shoes if the leg or foot was bitten.	If you treat the bite at home: -Contact a health care provider. -The person may need a tetanus shot. Tetanus boosters should be given every 10 years. At the hospital, treatment will depend on the type of snake. -If the snake was venomous, the person will be given anti-venom treatment. -A tetanus shot may be given, depending on date of last injection.
Spider	Bite	Step 1) Do not scrash infected area Step 2) Control swelling -Elevate the area of the bite or sting to decrease swelling. -Hold an ice cube or ice pack on the bite it will numb the area temporarily. Step 3) Treat Symptoms -A spray of local anesthetic containing benzocaine, such as Solarcaine, may help relieve pain. If your skin reacts to the spray, stop using it. -Hydrocortisone 1% cream or calamine lotion applied to the skin may help relieve itching and redness. -An antihistamine taken by mouth, such as Benadryl or Chlor-Trimeton, may help relieve itching, redness, and swelling. 	If symptoms such -High fever -Vision loss -symptoms of a skin infection -Flu like symptoms occur consult your doctor or call 911 for emergencies
Poison Ivy	Rash	Step 1) Taking Immediate Care of Your Skin -Remove and wash your clothes. -Completely clean the area. -Dont scratch the rash.  Step 2) Treating the Itch Caused by the Poison -use of creams and lotions such as Calamine lotion, capsaicin cream or hydrocortisone cream to provide some relief from itching.	consult your doctor or call 911 if -The reaction is severe or widespread.  -You inhaled the smoke from burning poison ivy and are having difficulty breathing. -Your skin continues to swell. -The rash affects your eyes, mouth or genitals. -Blisters are oozing pus. -You develop a fever greater than 100 F (37.8 C). -The rash doesnt get better within a few weeks.
